# CT Lang, C++ Version
<ul>
<lh><h2>Features</h2></lh>
  <li>No {Prerequisites}</li>
  <li>Native compilation</li>
  <li>2 methods of compilation</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<lh><h3>Table of Contents</h3></lh>
<li><a href="#using-the-prebuilt-binaries">Using The Prebuilt Binaries</li>
  <li><a href="#direct-compilation">Direct Compiling to Executable</a></li>
  <li><a href="#compilingin-general">Compiling... in General!</a></li>
<ol>
<lh><h1>Using the prebuilt binaries</h1></lh>
  <li>Get the Binaries from the repo</li>
  You'll need the compiler and runtime binaries.
  <li>Write a file in the language and end it in anything you'd like</li>
  The program is only looking at the content of the file<br>
  The name of the language actually refers to a pervious version's syntax!
  <li>Compile the file you created</li>
  Run the `compiler.exe` file in the command line like so<br>
  `compiler [file in] [file out (defualt a.max)]`
  <li>Run the compiled file</li>
  Finally! Run the `runtime.exe` with the name of the file generated by the compiler<br>
  `runtime [file in]`
</ol>
<ol>
<lh><h1>Direct Compilation</h1></lh>
  <li>Make sure you have Python and a form of the gnu c++ compiler (g++)</li>
  You probably already have this if you are doing this.
  <li>Make sure to get the whole repo as i did not make the compiler standalone</li>
  <li>Write a file and end it in anything you'd like</li>
  The program is only looking at the content of the file<br>
  The name of the language actually refers to a pervious version's syntax!
  <li>use the build.py file located in the root of the git repo</li>
  the syntax you'll need is `build.py [file in] [executable out]`
  <li>Now you have an executeable!</li>
  Congrats! you just compiled your first CT executable!<br>
  Now Try........
</ol>
<ol>
<lh><h1>Compiling...In general!</h1></lh>
  <ul>
    <li>The build.py file has 3 modes.</li>
    <ol>
      <li>Single Compilation</li>
      You can compile either the Runtime or the compiler.<br>
      usage `python build.py [compiler|runtime]`
      <li>Build All</li>
      Allows you to compile both the Runtime and the compiler.<br>
      usage `python build.py`
      <li>Direct Compilation</li>
      This is what we went over first
    </ol>
  </ul>
</ol>